README.md, before:

  Welcome to my personal website!

The technologies I used are listed below:

1. Semantic HTML

2.  Custom CSS used for styling the website and google fonts for text elements. Bootstrap was used
for the navigation bar and carousel for the images.

3.  Jquery and vanilla Javascript was used for functionality. The ekko-lightbox library
was used to create the light-box functionality within the carousel.


Process:

1. I wanted to complete the functionality of my site before adding styles.
I looked at the requirements for the project and tackled different pieces of functionality.
If I was stuck on a particular issue, I would use different resources on goggle to arrive at a solution.

2. After I completed the functionality, I worked on making the site resposive.  This involved
using media queries to adjust the content of my page depending on the screen size.
Mostly, I used flex-box properties and adjusting margin/padding to achieve this goal.

3. Lastly, I worked on the styling of the page. I took some time to think about the color
palet I wanted to use. Afterwards, I styled accordingly


Unsolved Problems:

1. Form Validation. I could not find a way to validate the form with a red highlighted text box
once the user clicks within certain inputs. default HTML form validation activates once the
DOM loads.

2. a tags when clicked on become underlined and change to a slightly different color. This
style is applied until the user clicks on a different a tag link.

3. circular image of myself has sizing issues when the site scales down to be responsive.
I found a work-around by changing the image size in a media query. The image partially crashes into the carousel when the screen size changes.
 If I wanted the image to remain the same size while still being responsive and not collasping into other elements on the page
, I would need to figure out the proper height/width ratio of the image in relation to other

4. Creating a cleaner about me section where the text and the image are side by side on the page.
I attempted to do this within the flexbox container but i ran into issues of the image crashing into other ones
when the site needed to be responsive.

5. Lightbox image does not stay within the lightbox white background container when clicked at
certain width sizes. This is visually unappealing and needs to change.

6. The hamburger icon menu from bootstrap does not have the lines within them. My guess is that
my custom CSS style sheet is overiding Bootstraps style for the hamburger icon menu.
Attempts to change my custom CSS style sheet so that the lines would appear failed.


Biggest wins and challenges:

1. Using Bootstrap for the nav bar and carousel

2. Learning how to use the EKKO library for the lightbox feature

3.  Fade in/ Fade out functionality

4. Deploying the site

5. Emotional and time management

Commit message:

Updated README, site is on a server

README.md, after:

  Welcome to my personal website!

      Site link :
    http://leonardo-fontenette.com/
    http://www.leonardo-fontenette.com/

    Github: https://github.com/lfonzi62/Project-0-About-Me-Site-

The technologies I used are listed below:

1. Semantic HTML

2.  Custom CSS used for styling the website and google fonts for text elements. Bootstrap was used
for the navigation bar and carousel for the images.

3.  Jquery and vanilla Javascript was used for functionality. The ekko-lightbox library
was used to create the light-box functionality within the carousel.


Process:

1. I wanted to complete the functionality of my site before adding styles.
I looked at the requirements for the project and tackled different pieces of functionality.
If I was stuck on a particular issue, I would use different resources on goggle to arrive at a solution.

2. After I completed the functionality, I worked on making the site resposive.  This involved
using media queries to adjust the content of my page depending on the screen size.
Mostly, I used flex-box properties and adjusting margin/padding to achieve this goal.

3. Lastly, I worked on the styling of the page. I took some time to think about the color
palet I wanted to use. Afterwards, I styled accordingly


Unsolved Problems:

1. Form Validation. I could not find a way to validate the form with a red highlighted text box
once the user clicks within certain inputs. default HTML form validation activates once the
DOM loads.

2. a tags when clicked on become underlined and change to a slightly different color. This
style is applied until the user clicks on a different a tag link.

3. circular image of myself has sizing issues when the site scales down to be responsive.
I found a work-around by changing the image size in a media query. The image partially crashes into the carousel when the screen size changes.
 If I wanted the image to remain the same size while still being responsive and not collasping into other elements on the page
, I would need to figure out the proper height/width ratio of the image in relation to other

4. Creating a cleaner about me section where the text and the image are side by side on the page.
I attempted to do this within the flexbox container but i ran into issues of the image crashing into other ones
when the site needed to be responsive.

5. Lightbox image does not stay within the lightbox white background container when clicked at
certain width sizes. This is visually unappealing and needs to change.

6. The hamburger icon menu from bootstrap does not have the lines within them. My guess is that
my custom CSS style sheet is overiding Bootstraps style for the hamburger icon menu.
Attempts to change my custom CSS style sheet so that the lines would appear failed.


Biggest wins and challenges:

1. Using Bootstrap for the nav bar and carousel

2. Learning how to use the EKKO library for the lightbox feature

3.  Fade in/ Fade out functionality

4. Deploying the site on a server. Not deploying on heroku

5. Emotional and time management
